Building QXRD from source on Windows

1:  Download and install the Qt SDK from
    http://qt.nokia.com/downloads
    Choose the windows online installer (or offline installer if you prefer)
    Take all the default settings.

2:  Download and install a copy of 'SmartGit' from
    http://www.syntevo.com
    Take default options

3:  Download and install a copy of 'msysgit' from
    http://code.google.com/msysgit/downloads/list
    take the 'Full Installer' Git-1.7.4-preview20110204.exe
    Take default options during installation

4:  Download and install a copy of 'NSIS' from
    http://nsis.sourceforge.net/Download
    Take default options during installation (you don't
    need to run it or look at the release notes in the
    final installation step)

5:  You'll need to have the Perkin Elmer SDK software installed
    from the disk that came with the detector.  This should
    install software into "C:\XIS\SDK" (on 32 bit windows XP).

6:  Startup 'SmartGit' from the start menu - you should
    get an introductory settings dialog - this should
    automatically find the copy of 'msysgit' installed
    in step 3.   Fill in a name and e-mail address when
    asked.

7:  You'll then get a 'Welcome to SmartGit' window - choose
    'Clone Existing Repository' and you'll enter another
    another window titled 'Clone' - choose 'Remote Git or
    SVN repository' then enter
    git://qxrd.git.sourceforge.net/gitroot/qxrd/qxrd
    and choose 'Next>'

8:  You'll see a dialog asking you to choose a local directory
    to save files in - click 'Choose' and then click 'Home' and
    then create a new directory 'qxrd-git' in your 'My Documents'
    directory, then a new directory 'qxrd' inside the 'qxrd-git'
    directory - click 'Select', then 'Next>'.  You should then
    see a 'Project' page - keep the project name 'qxrd' and
    click 'Finish'

9:  Wait for the cloning operation to finish - it might take
    quite a while as there are about 200MB of data to fetch at
    this point.

10:  Now click the 'Switch' button in the main smartgit window -
    you'll get a 'Switch Branch' window - choose 'origin/experimental'
    from the list of branches and click 'Switch' - you'll then
    get a dialog asking you to 'Create Local Branch' - it should
    have 'experimental' as the name of the branch and
    'Configure Tracking,...' set.  Now click 'Switch'

11:  Now start 'Qt Creator' from the windows start menu - click 'Develop'
    in the welcome screen, then click the 'Open Project...' button.
    Now navigate to the "My Documents\qxrd-git\qxrd' directory and
    click on the 'qxrd.pro' project file (it might be shown as 'qxrd'
    if your machine is set to not display file extensions).

12: You should then see a 'Project Setup' window with three sections
    'Symbian Device', 'Desktop' and 'Qt Simulator' - make sure that only
    'Desktop' is selected and open the 'details' for the 'Desktop'
    build.   You should see three details options, 'Use Shadow Build'
    'Qt 4.7.3 for Desktop ... debug' and 'Qt ... release'.  Make sure all
    three are selected.  Click the 'Browse...' buttons alongside the
    last two options and create new directories 
    '... My Documents\qxrd-git\qxrd-debug' and '... qxrd-git\qxrd-release'
    and set the build directories accordingly then click 'Finish'

13: You can now check that everything is ready - choose
    'Build->Run QMake' in 'Qt Creator'  and click on the 'Compile Output'
    button at the bottom.  You should a number of red colored lines of
    output each starting 'Project MESSAGE'.  Check through these for
    'NSIS found in Program Files' 'MingW g++ build' and 'Perkin Elmer
    Software Found' - if the Perkin Elmer message isn't there double
    check that the PE SDK was installed in 'c:\XIS\SDK' - the directory
    should contain the files Acq.h and XISL.lib among others.

14: You are now ready to build - click on the small 'hammer' icon at the
    bottom left and the build should start - again, it might take a while
    to finish - perhaps 10 minutes or so. As a check that things have
    gone OK look for the string '-DQXRD_VERSION="0.7.6"' to be visible in
    most of the compile commands.  It might be a later version as well.

15: Assuming everything goes well you should be able to try to run the 
    software - click the green arrow to try running the software directly,
    or click the green arrow with the blue insect to run in the debugger.

